---
slug: ebook-support
title: eBook support
authors: gotson
tags: [upgrade, komga]
---

Version [1.8.0](https://github.com/gotson/komga/releases/tag/1.8.0) is bringing a long awaited feature: **proper eBook support!**

Github issue [#221](https://github.com/gotson/komga/issues/221) has been opened for more than 3 years, and has finally been tackled.

## What you need to know

- eBooks behave like any other book in Komga, in regards to series or metadata. You can even mix comic books and ebooks in the same series.
- only EPUB format is supported. Other formats will not be supported in the future.
- existing EPUB files will be re-analyzed. If you had image-only EPUB, those may not be compatible anymore with third-party clients.
- the web EPUB reader is a very first version, and **does not support saving progress**. Read progress saving and restore will come in a future release.
- any book in Komga can be read with [WebPub](https://readium.org/webpub-manifest/) compatible clients.
- **There will be issues**. EPUB is a complex format, and many EPUB files are not properly built. Raise issues [on Github](https://github.com/gotson/komga/issues/new/choose) for support.

## Other recent changes you may have missed

In case you haven't kept up with the release notes since version 1.0.0, here are the most significant changes:
- Komga is now available as a [desktop app](/docs/installation/desktop), and is available in the [Microsoft Store](/docs/installation/ms-store)
- Multiple settings are now configurable from the [Server Settings](/docs/guides/server-settings) screen. You may need to cleanup your configuration file and remove deprecated entries.
- Thumbnails size can now be configured in Server Settings.
- Background task management has been revamped, and now supports proper parallel executions (configurable in Server Settings).
- Komga now has support for [One-Shots](/docs/guides/oneshots).
- a [Command Line Interface](/docs/guides/cli) was added to update forgotten password for the admin account.